cold calling script


 Script 0: (For voice AIs)

"The reason I'm calling is because I've been helping some of the other guys that do (what they do) stop missing any jobs / get more jobs while they're at work. (dont talk too much about features) Im not even sure if it would make sense for you but do you miss some calls sometimes?



Try this one too:

(If they have a website)

Hey “x” the reason im calling you is because im doing a business project about booking more appointments and having less people go to competitors. By your google reviews i can see that you are already doing great so im not even sure if it would make sense for you, but do you sometimes miss calls or take longer to get back to texts?

They say yes:

Yeah its normal, i actually made a receptionist based on your business as a project which would make sure everyone that is interested gets their questions answered and are booked in immediately. It turned out pretty good which is why i decided to call you, would something like that even help you?

(handle objection / pitch now)

They say no:

Thats awesome to hear, if you always pick up the phone or text people back immediately. Doesn’t that take a lot of time away from work if you are (personalized to what they do, e.g. “under a sink”) or do you just not get a lot of people calling?





If they say they spend time:

Yeah sounds like it would take up hours during the week, would it help if you had something like a receptionist to help out getting everyone their questions answered and booked in immediately?

(handle objection / pitch now)





If they say dont get calls:

I see, that makes sense. If i could make sure more people called and needed your services. Would that help?

(handle objection / pitch google ads now)

(If they dont have a website)

Hey “x” the reason im calling you is because i was looking for a website with your info. Is there a reason you don’t have a website or did i just miss it? (Pause)

By your google reviews i can see that you are already doing great so im not even sure if it would make sense for you, but as a part of a business project i actually made a website for you, it turned out pretty good and it would allow people to see your business on google. If you like it all im asking for is a testimonial and I can help you set it up for free too. Sound fair?

(book them in for a 5-10 minute call to show them the website)



Script 1:

(Remember to sound confused - ESSENTIAL)

Yeah (name) there? 

Yeah (name). 

Hey it's (yourName).

I was looking into (company name) and I was wondering if you could help me out for a moment? (Pause) 

I'm not even sure if it makes sense for us to talk yet but we follow up with all aged leads that you never converted to increase your new sales, while you only pay if it generates revenue?

our board members asked me to reach out to you to see if you’d be opposed to boosting your sales using AI completely result based? Would you be opposed to that?

Script 2:

Is it firstName?

firstName, I’m sorry this is (yourName) I’m the CEO of (companyName) and I don’t normally make calls about this, but our advisory board told me about your company. We usually help (industry) companies generate more sales through AI and I’m taking a couple people and i just figured to get a feel for the market, to call you directly as well. Do you have a salesteam for your sales?

Do you have a lot of leads that haven’t turned into contracts?

Do you have an idea why some of these leads aren’t closing and what could improve conversion rate?

Do you think your sales team is losing out on sales because of bad follow up?

One of the things that we’ve done for another company like yours (be specific is possible), is create a customized AI and add it to our sales process that engages and follows up with our leads on SMS to find interest and book appointments to help drive more revenue. I’d be happy to show you my system for free if you want? How about we set a meeting (time) and let me show you… I’ll do it personally?



Script 3:

Hey firstName

We work with a few other insurance companies like Allstate

It’s (yourName) at (companyName), have you heard our name tossed around?

We add AI to the sales team to close more deals…


Script 4:

Hi firstName, we don’t know each other if I mention this is a cold call would that ruin your (day)


I’m with an AI company that adds AI sales reps to the team to increase conversion rates. I talk to (position) daily to help them improve their sales team by adding AI. But I have a feeling you’re about to tell me your sales team is already the best?